Update jQuery version (#118)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning: .github/CHANGELOG.md

### Improvements

> - Static versions of jQuery and Bootstrap are no longer included in the CSS theme. [(#)](https://github.com/XanaduAI/jet/pull/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Static versions of jQuery and Bootstrap are no longer included in the CSS theme. [(118)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane-lightning/pull/118)
```

- Move changelog to `.github` and add a changelog reminder.

### Breaking changes

### Bug fixes

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
